# Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International Public License
By exercising the Licensed Rights, You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International Public License ("Public License"). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions.



# Use Restrictions
No Commercial Use.  You may only use the AI Model, Contributions, Derivative Works, Outputs and Output Derivatives (as defined below) for Non-Commercial Purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, structure tokens are also considered Outputs and may only be used for Non-Commercial Purposes. Any commercial use of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, any use by, on behalf of or for any Commercial Entity or to facilitate the development of any product or service to be sold or made available for a fee, is strictly prohibited under this Agreement.

No Use in Drug Development or Discovery. Without limiting the foregoing, You may not use the AI Model or any Contributions, Derivative Works, Outputs or Output Derivatives in or in connection with: (i) the development (at any stage) or discovery of any drug, medication or pharmaceutical of any kind; (ii) any molecular or biological target, hit or lead identification; (iii) drug candidate selection; or (iv) lead optimization.

Use of Outputs.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, You may not use or provide access to any Outputs or Output Derivatives to train, optimize, improve or otherwise influence the functionality or performance of any: (i) other large language model; (ii) technology for protein structure prediction; or (iii) other Third Party Model that is similar to the AI Model. You may, however, use the Outputs and Outputs Derivatives to train, optimize, improve or otherwise influence the functionality or performance of the AI Model itself and downstream Derivative Works thereof.
